    Audio DeepFake Detector Documentation

    This application is designed to detect audio deepfakes. It processes audio files, transforms 
    them into spectrograms, and uses a Convolutional Neural Network called ResEfficient 
    CNN to classify the audio as legitimate or modified. The modifications can include various 
    techniques such as voice synthesis, voice changers, and voice splicing.

    Instructions:

    For Individual File Checking:
    1. Click "Open Audio File" to select an audio file.
    2. Click "Perform Prediction" to generate the spectrogram and classify the audio.
    3. View the prediction results displayed on the main window.
    4. Click "View Checking History" to see past predictions.

    To Check Multiple Files at Once:
    1. Click "API Settings" to open the API menu.
    2. Click "Mass Prediction" to select a folder with audio files to process.
    3. Do note that depending on the number of files, processing may take a while.
    4. View the prediction results displayed on the new window.
    5. The results will be output to a csv file in the installation folder.

    The system is capable of detecting four types of voice audio indicated by number:
        0 Corresponds to real unmodified voice audio.
        1 Corresponds to synthetic or text-to-speech voice audio.
        2 Corresponds to audio modified using a voice changer.
        3 Corresponds to voice audio that has been cut and spliced together.
        
    This system works by transforming audio files into spectrogram images, and then using those
    spectrogram images to classify the audio and determine whether the voice audio is modified,
    and what kind of modification that voice audio has undergone.

    IMPORTANT NOTE:
    Do note that the confidence level of the system is simply the model's output probability for
    the given audio file to be the corresponding type. The closer the confidence level is to 50%,
    the more confident the model is in its prediction that the audio file is what the model says
    it is. The model is not 100% accurate however, and we cannot claim it to be. 

    To test the capabilities of the system, several files are provided in the "Test Audio" folder
    for the user's convenience. These audio files consist of real voices, synthetic voices, voice 
    changed voices, and voice spliced voices.